Add PSR-7 erratum "Validation of Header Names and Values" (#1274)
php-fig/fig-standards: accepted/PSR-7-http-message-meta.md

* Anton Serdyuk
* Phil Sturgeon
* Chris Wilkinson

## 7. Errata

### 7.1 Validation of Header Names and Values

Some special characters within the name or value of an HTTP header might affect
the parsing of the serialized message in a way that the contents of unrelated
headers are changed. This misparsing can open up an application to security
vulnerabilities. A common type of vulnerability is CRLF injection, allowing

> an attacker to inject additional headers or end the list of headers early.

Author: ```suggestion
an attacker to inject additional headers or to end the list of headers early.
```

For this reason classes implementing the `MessageInterface` SHOULD strictly
validate the header names and contents according to the most recent HTTP

> specification ([RFC 7230#3.2][1] at the time of writing). Incorrect values
> SHOULD be rejected and no attempt SHOULD be made to automatically correct
> the provided values.

Author: I'm not happy about the “no attempt SHOULD” and like to rephrase that to a real SHOULD NOT somehow.
```suggestion
specification ([RFC 7230#3.2][1] at the time of writing). The implementation
SHOULD reject invalid values and SHOULD NOT make any attempt to automatically correct
the provided values.
```

Reviewer: The SHOULD NOT verbiage reads more clearly; nice catch!

A minimally viable validator is expected to reject header names containing the
following characters:

- NUL (0x00)
- `\r` (0x0D)
- `\n` (0x0A)
- Any character less than or equal to 0x20.

Further characters or sequences in header names should be rejected according
to the HTTP specification.

A minimally viable validator is expected to reject header values containing the
following characters:

- NUL (0x00)
- `\r` (0x0D)
- `\n` (0x0A)

> If compatibility with older systems is desired then the sequence `\r\n` (0x0D0A)

Reviewer 2: Doesn't this contradict the earlier requirement to always block `\r`?

Author: Note: The above comment is factually incorrect. I've mixed up "preceded" and "followed": https://github.com/php-fig/fig-standards/pull/1274/commits/8bd62b21f6d477a57488165d2e0253206d848a00.

Correct is "CR LF SPACE", not "SPACE CR LF".

> within a header value may be accepted if and only if it is preceded by either

Reviewer: :+1:

> If compatibility with older systems is desired then the sequence `\r\n` (0x0D0A)
> within a header value may be accepted, if and only if it is preceded by either
> SPACE (0x20) or `\t` (0x09).

Author: ```suggestion
If compatibility with older systems is desired then the sequence `\r\n` (0x0D0A)
within a header value may be accepted if and only if it is preceded by either
SPACE (0x20) or `\t` (0x09).
```
I don't think the comma is correct there, but I'm also not a native speaker.

Reviewer: Comma definitely not necessary!

> SPACE (0x20) or `\t` (0x09).

Author: ```suggestion
SPACE (0x20) or `\t` (0x09). The full sequence SHOULD then be internally normalized to a single SPACE (0x20).
```
This should ensure that the *output* of the implementation is always safe to pass into an implementation that rejects line folding.

Reviewer: :+1:
